---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "firehydrant_change_event Resource - terraform-provider-firehydrant"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ChangeEvent Resource
---

# firehydrant_change_event (Resource)

ChangeEvent Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "firehydrant_change_event" "my_changeevent" {
  attachments_input = [
    {
      type = "...my_type..."
    }
  ]
  authors_input = [
    {
      name      = "...my_name..."
      source    = "...my_source..."
      source_id = "...my_source_id..."
    }
  ]
  change_identities = [
    {
      type  = "...my_type..."
      value = "...my_value..."
    }
  ]
  changes = [
    "..."
  ]
  description = "...my_description..."
  ends_at     = "2022-06-18T18:47:10.816Z"
  environments_input = [
    "..."
  ]
  external_id = "...my_external_id..."
  services_input = [
    "..."
  ]
  starts_at = "2020-01-28T14:07:12.119Z"
  summary   = "...my_summary..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `summary` (String)

### Optional

- `attachments_input` (Attributes List) JSON objects representing attachments, see attachments documentation for the schema (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attachments_input))
- `authors_input` (Attributes List) Array of additional authors to add to the change event, the creating actor will automatically be added as an author. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authors_input))
- `change_identities` (Attributes List) If provided and valid, the event will be linked to all changes that have the same identities. Identity *values* must be unique. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--change_identities))
- `changes` (List of String) An array of change IDs. Requires replacement if changed.
- `description` (String)
- `ends_at` (String)
- `environments_input` (List of String) An array of environment IDs
- `external_id` (String) The ID of a change event as assigned by an external provider. Requires replacement if changed.
- `services_input` (List of String) An array of service IDs
- `starts_at` (String)

### Read-Only

- `attachments` (Attributes List) A list of objects attached to this item. Can be one of: Link, CustomerSupportIssue, or GenericAttachment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attachments))
- `authors` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authors))
- `duration_iso8601` (String)
- `duration_ms` (Number)
- `environments` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `identities` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identities))
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `related_changes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--related_changes))
- `services` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--services))
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--attachments_input"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attachments_input`

Required:

- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--authors_input"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authors_input`

Required:

- `name` (String) Requires replacement if changed.
- `source` (String) Requires replacement if changed.
- `source_id` (String) Requires replacement if changed.


<a id="nestedatt--change_identities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `change_identities`

Required:

- `type` (String) Requires replacement if changed.
- `value` (String) Requires replacement if changed.


<a id="nestedatt--attachments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attachments`


<a id="nestedatt--authors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authors`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `source` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--environments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments`

Read-Only:

- `active_incidents` (List of String) List of active incident guids
- `created_at` (String) The time the environment was created
- `description` (String) Description of the Environment
- `external_resources` (Attributes List) Information about known linkages to representations of services outside of FireHydrant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments--external_resources))
- `id` (String) UUID of the Environment
- `name` (String) Name of the Environment
- `slug` (String) Slug of the Environment
- `updated_at` (String) The time the environment was updated

<a id="nestedatt--environments--external_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments.external_resources`

Read-Only:

- `connection_full_favicon_url` (String)
- `connection_id` (String)
- `connection_name` (String)
- `connection_type` (String)
- `created_at` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `remote_id` (String)
- `remote_url` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--identities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identities`

Read-Only:

- `change_id` (String)
- `created_at` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--related_changes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `related_changes`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The time the change entry was created
- `description` (String) Description of the Change
- `id` (String) UUID of the Change
- `labels` (Map of String) Arbitrary key/value pairs of labels.
- `summary` (String) Description of the Change
- `updated_at` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `services`

Read-Only:

- `alert_on_add` (Boolean)
- `allowed_params` (List of String)
- `auto_add_responding_team` (Boolean)
- `created_at` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `labels` (Attributes) An object of label key and values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--services--labels))
- `name` (String)
- `service_tier` (Number)
- `slug` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--services--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `services.labels`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import firehydrant_change_event.my_firehydrant_change_event ""
```
